
SALES AGREEMENT
This Sales Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of the 1st day of June, 2023 (the "Effective Date"), by and between VisionCorp, Inc. a Pennsylvania corporation with its principal place of business at 474 Cardinal Point, Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, United States ("Seller"), and GreenWave LLC, a This Sales Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of the 1st day of June, 2023 (the "Effective Date"), by and between VisionCorp, Inc. a Pennsylvania corporation with its principal place of business at 474 Cardinal Point, Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, United States ("Seller"), and GreenWave LLC, a Nevada limited liability company with its principal place of business at 7392 Barby Junction, Washington, Seattle, United States ("Buyer"). limited liability company with its principal place of business at 7392 Barby Junction, Washington, Seattle, United States ("Buyer").
Sale of Goods. Seller agrees to sell and Buyer agrees to purchase 500 units of the Gadget model Z, each priced at $2,000, for a total purchase price of $1,000,000 (the "Purchase Price").
Payment. Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price in full within 45 days from the date of the invoice issued by Seller.
Delivery. Seller shall deliver the Goods to Buyer at Buyer's designated location within 21 days after receipt of payment in full.
Warranty. Seller warrants that the Goods shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of two years from the date of delivery.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements, whether oral or written, relating to its subject matter.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
VisionCorp, Inc. Buyer
By: Mark Anderson By: Laura Davis
Name: Mark Anderson Name: Laura Davis
Title: CEO Title: CFO
Date: 1st June, 2023 Date: 1st June, 2023

