Contract 1:
Partnership Agreement - Stellar Solutions
This Partnership Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into on this 20th day of June, 2023, between the following parties:
Partners:
Blue Comet Corporation, represented by:
Name: Mr. Christopher Reynolds
Address: 123 Constellation Road, Galaxyville, Stardust
Lunar Innovations, represented by:
Name: Ms. Sophia Evans
Address: 456 Celestial Boulevard, Galaxyville, Stardust
AstroTech Systems, represented by:
Name: Mr. Benjamin Scott
Address: 789 Meteor Lane, Galaxyville, Stardust
Collectively referred to as the "Partners."
Nature of Partnership: The Partners agree to form a technology solutions partnership under the name "Stellar Solutions."
Terms and Conditions:
Duration: This partnership shall commence on the date of this Agreement and shall continue indefinitely unless terminated as provided herein.
Capital Contributions: Each Partner shall contribute an equal amount of $80,000 (USD) in cash to the partnership upon signing this Agreement. Additional capital contributions may be made by the Partners as agreed upon in writing.
Profit and Loss Distribution: The net profits and losses of the partnership shall be distributed equally among the Partners on an annual basis.
Management and Decision-Making: The Partners shall jointly manage the business affairs of the partnership. Unanimous consent shall be required for major decisions affecting the partnership, while routine decisions may be made by a majority vote.
Dissolution: The partnership may be dissolved by mutual agreement of the Partners or upon the occurrence of certain events, including bankruptcy or death of a Partner. In the event of dissolution, the assets and liabilities of the partnership shall be distributed among the Partners in proportion to their capital contributions.
Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Stardust.
Partners:
/s/ Christopher Reynolds /s/ Sophia Evans /s/ Benjamin Scott
Signature Signature Signature
Date: Date: Date:
June 20, 2023 June 20, 2023 June 20, 2023