Lease Contract 1:
Residential Lease Agreement - Oakview Apartments
This Residential Lease Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into this 9th day of February, 2023, by and between:
Landlord:
Oakview Apartments, a property management company organized and existing under the laws of Canada, with its principal place of business at 37 Lotheville Circle, Alberta, Airdrie, Canada, represented by Mr. Rhett Hearnes, hereinafter referred to as "Landlord".
Tenant:
Emma Shurville, an individual residing at 3898 Bunting Alley, British Columbia, Prince Rupert, Canada, hereinafter referred to as "Tenant".
Agreement:
Property: Landlord hereby leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord, the residential property located at 5814 Jackson Way, Québec, Saint-Raymond, Canada, (hereinafter referred to as the "Premises").
Term: The term of this Lease shall be for one year, commencing on the 1st day of June, 2023, and ending on the 31st day of February, 2024. Tenant shall have the option to renew the Lease upon expiration, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in a separate renewal agreement.
Rent and Payment: Tenant agrees to pay a monthly rent of $2,500 USD, due on the 1st day of each month. Rent shall be paid by check or electronic transfer to the designated bank account provided by Landlord.
Security Deposit: Tenant shall deposit with Landlord a security deposit of $3,000 USD upon signing this Agreement. The security deposit will be held by Landlord as security for any damages to the Premises beyond normal wear and tear or unpaid rent. It will be returned to Tenant within 30 days after the termination of the Lease, less any deductions for damages or unpaid rent.
Maintenance and Repairs: Tenant shall maintain the Premises in a clean and habitable condition throughout the term of the Lease. Tenant shall be responsible for minor repairs and regular maintenance. Landlord shall be responsible for major repairs and maintenance of the structural components of the Premises.
Utilities: Tenant shall be responsible for the payment of all utilities, including electricity, water, gas, cable, and internet services, unless otherwise stated in writing by Landlord.
Termination: Either party February terminate this Lease with a written notice of 30 days prior to the intended termination date.
Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Residential Lease Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
/s/ Rhett Hearnes
Rhett Hearnes, Landlord
Oakview Apartments
/s/ Emma Shurville
Emma Shurville, Tenant
